All right.
Time to start working on the animated border that is going to go around the timer at this point.
I really just showed you this circle and said oh yeah like the bill the order is going to fill up or
something like that.
That's not really a really good explanation.
So I'm going to show you the finished product of what we're trying to actually build here.
So here's what we're going for.
I want to show a full border around our timer and then whenever we click on that play button we're going
to essentially an empty thing out until it gets all the way down to zero like so that's the goal.
Well refresh and do it one more time.
Yeah.
There we go.
So that's we're trying to build.
Now I've got some good news and bad news for you.
The good news is that well we could definitely do this like that is within the realm of possibility
we can figure out how without any library or anything like that we can show that kind of animation.
The bad news there's always bad news.
The bad news is we can not make this kind of animation right here using just CSX orders alone.
So if you're used to using orders with CSX in normal styling unfortunately we cannot use that to do
a animation like the one you just saw.
So to do the animation we're going to instead have to learn about a little side topic called SPG elements
SPG stands for scalable vector graphics.
This is going to be a set of HDL elements that we can use to draw kind of arbitrary shapes on the screen
in this video.
I can give you a quick demonstration of an SPG element and then we're going to take a look and understand
some the rules governing them and eventually understand how we're going to use an SPG to make that kind
of animation that we just saw.
OK so here we go.
We're going to flip over to our index dot each G.M. file SPG elements are each team l elements.
And so for this demonstration we're going to write out some each team l inside of your right above my
input element.
I'm going to add in an SPG at the height of two hundred and a width of 200 then inside there I'm going
to place a circle.
Now of course going to tell you what all this stuff is in just a moment but for right now just a quick
demonstration by CIRCLE element is going to have a property of our equals 20 C X equals 30 in C Y equals
30 okay.
So there's the HDL markup that we just added in.
Let's then save this.
We're gonna go back over to our browser refresh and then lo and behold we see a circle up here on the
screen.
So kind of humble beginnings here so to speak but this is essentially the technique or strategy that
we're going to use to get that fancy border to show up.
All right.
So now that we can plainly see that there's some kind of circle and we can draw kind of like arbitrary
shapes here.
Let's pause.
We'll come back in a moment and I'm going to give you a lot more details on how SB G's work.
Now we're going to eventually use them to do that animation.